so Julian is not yet so go and I will
try to explain what the problems are so
the problem seems to be pop sub is slow
and it's not configurable and the
pub/sub message reveals the peer ID so
the plan was that pluggable pops are
protocol maybe which is application
specific so right now there's a default
so if you have a pluggable pub/sub
protocol then maybe we can tune it for
applications and steal data pruning so
we get a message and sometimes you have
a dynamic app so you have a stale
message you don't want that too
it's useless so we don't want to that we
want don't want to propagate that and if
you have a more structured pop sub
overlay then it the PRI ID which is in
the pub sub message that can be used to
dos here so that pops up message should
be without the PID and I don't know what
the last thing is yeah so I'm asking
about there pub/sub messaging without a
peer IDs because currently we're
considering about there and in an
ordinary smote like when you don't want
to expose what you're doing through the
pub table so that maybe this can be left
to the application layer to decide how
they want to deal with peer ID and the
last one is is that because we currently
as our understanding is that the pub sub
data format is different from IP NS so
if you subscribe to our MPLS you can't
reuse your result from there pops up so
if that the tape format can be shared
between those two mechanisms the
application layer can kind of have a way
of optimizers mechanism so this is less
like a solution but kind of like a wish
list of what we think if we can have
that will make building the dynamic
applications better and I think we
deserve the trophy because I deep dive
was so deep Satoshi step don't step do
into it and was never seen again
[Applause]